Added tool Apkleaks (by @appknox) (#3052)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0022.md

Most of the apps you might encounter connect to remote endpoints. Even before you perform any dynamic analysis (e.g. traffic capture and analysis), you can obtain some initial inputs or entry points by enumerating the domains to which the application is supposed to communicate to.

> Typically these domains will be present as strings within the binary of the application. One way to achieve this is by using automated tools such as @MASTG-TOOL-0121 or @MASTG-TOOL-0035. Alternatively, you can _grep_ for the domain names by using regular expressions. For this you can target the app binary directly or reverse engineer it and target the disassembled or decompiled code. The latter option has a clear advantage: it can provide you with **context**, as you'll be able to see in which context each domain is being used (e.g. class and method).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, these domains will be present as strings within the binary of the application. One way to do this is to use automated tools such as @MASTG-TOOL-0125 or @MASTG-TOOL-0035.

Alternatively, you can _grep_ for the domain names using regular expressions. To do this, you can target the app binary directly, or reverse engineer it and target the disassembled or decompiled code. The latter option has a clear advantage: it can provide you with **context**, as you'll be able to see in which context each domain is used (e.g. class and method).
```
